Hello everyone, the topic of my presentation is International E-Marketing to China: How Live treaming is Influencing Buying Behavior

In the modern world dominated by information technology it's hard to overlook the importance of digital marketing. The latest trend of live streaming marketing has become a rapidly growing industry and is estimated to be worth $60 billion annually. 

This work serves mainly two purposes:
1. Indicate specific factors of live streaming that influence buying behavior.
2. Identify the audiences most suitable for live streaming marketing strategies.

When such data is available, it can assist both local and foreign businesses, trying to penetrate the Chinese market, in the choice of a more relevant marketing strategy,
as well as support further academic research in the field. 

Alibaba's Taobao Live has been chosen for this research as it's the platform with the bigest 79% market share in the live streaming industry. 

The research has been conducted in three steps:
1. Relevant literature was referenced in order to build hypotheses about what factors in live streaming could influence buying behavior.
2. A survey based on the hypotheses has been conducted on wenjuan.com. It is important to clarify that a financial reward has been used to incentivize more people to take the survey.
3. Finally, a linear regression model has been built from the data submitted by the respondents, and the hypothses have been tested against it. 

Now let me present you with the hypotheses that this work has aimed to test.

// Read the slides

Let me now briefly introduce you to the survey and it's results. 

// Read the slides

Let's now take a look at the correlation between different factors provided by the respondents and how likely they are to influence their buying behavior.

As you can see, the first four variables are measured individually. The stars indicate the level of significance on which the factor influences the variable. 
Information is the sum of questions 10-13 about the informativeness of the platform. 

Now thank you for your attention, if you have any questions, welcome.