Chinese marketing environment is drastically different from the western ones, so simply copying marketing strategies that foreign business used in their countries won't work here. 

Western brands usually define the brand image as the sum of their products, launches, and campaigns, but brand image and position is much more important in China.

A huge array of external factors can affect the success of a brand in China including political, economic, social-cultural, technological, legal and environmental.

Traditional marketing is a conventional mode of marketing that helps to reach out to a semi-targeted audience with various offline advertising and promotional methods.
Many of the common and most tried offline marketing tactics come under the following five major categories:

Print (magazines, newspapers, etc.)

Broadcast (TV, radio, etc.)

Direct Mail (catalogues, postcards, etc.)

Telephone (telemarketing, sms marketing, etc.)

Outdoor (billboards, fliers, etc.)

Traditional marketing may have evolved over the past few decades, but the fundamental aspects remain the same. The selling techniques that are used today heavily rely on the four P’s of marketing: product, price, place, and promotion.

Product: Effective marketing starts with a good understanding of your own product. Which could be an intangible service or type of a good that fulfills the demand of a target market.

Price: The overall cost of the product depends on how well you know it. Price is always the determining factor when it comes to things like supply, demand, profit margin, etc.

Promotion: How you get the word out about your product and market it to your target audience is promotion. Any method that helps you promote the product and help it gain more visibility/exposure comes under promotion — whether it is advertising on a billboard or setting up an ad campaign on Facebook.

Place: Traditional marketing heavily relies on getting your product in front of your target audience at the right time and place. Which also means pricing it right. In the marketing world, placement plays a crucial role. Because when a product is placed in an ideal location, the chances of converting prospects to customers or clients increase manifold.

On the surface, digital marketing may look different than traditional marketing in a big way as it is all about the fourth P: promotion. However, the fact of the matter is, digital marketing is highly effective because it does not ignore any of the four Ps of marketing. It rather uses each one of them in a unique manner, and sometimes even better than traditional marketing.